MAILFORM
--------

1. LEGAL

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.

2. DESCRIPTION

MailForm is a CGI program to send via e-mail all the fields in a form. 
For instance, if you fill in the form included in MailForm.html, it will
send a message which will something like:

    Date: Wed, 27 Apr 2000 18:15
    To: contact@adevas.com (Contact)
    From: jjga@adevas.com (Juan Jose Garcia Adeva)
    Subject: Information request on something

    Name: Juan Jose Garcia Adeva

    Institution: Adevas.com

    Country: Spain

    Comments: I would like to try FormMail.

The form to be mailed need 5 required fields (which will usually be hidden) and
2 other optional fields. Apart from these 7 fields that will not be mailed, you 
can use as many fields as you want, all of them will be mailed.

The required fields are: 

    * Subject: it indicates the subject for the message to be mailed.
	* File: file that will be sent to the browser after sending the message.
	* SMTP: server to send messages.
	* To: destination e-mail address, where the messages will be sent.
	* From: return address. If your SMTP server does not support relay, 
	  you might have to change the From field in your form so that it 
	  always contains an e-mail address which belongs to the same domain as 
	  the SMTP server, and add a new field to contain the sender e-mail address.

The optional fields are:

    * ToName: the name that will appear along the destination e-mail address.
	* FromName: the same for the sender e-mail address.

3. INSTALLATION

You should place the file FormMail.exe in your cgi-bin directory which 
will vary depending on your server setup. Please, bear in mind that 
this program will only work on Win32 based web servers. If you experience 
problems having MailForm running, send us a message to contact@adevas.com.

4. BANNER FREE VERSION

All messages sent with the free version of MailForm will have a banner
added at the end. If you decide that MailForm is useful for your purposes
and will be used permanently in your web site, please pay the $19 fee and
get the banner free version. You will also quality to receive support future 
developments free of charge. The free version of MailForm does not include
technical support.

5. SOURCE CODE

MailForm is written in C++. Visual C++ 6.0 was used, but because it 
uses standard C++ (using the STL among other things), you should not 
have any problem compiling it with any other compiler. The source code 
is available, but it is not free. You will have to pay $99 to obtain 
it. If you are interested, send me a message to contact@adevas.com.
